
normally:
    you move all your stones from t=0 to t=T. Then by one you add their time jumps.

flags:
    dark map: you only see certain squares
    PTSD: you can do a move "time jump" which prematurely ends the stone's path, as if its T was smaller
    open timeline: (automatically flags PTSD): there is no automatic time jump activation and the timeline is infinite, but you can only jump by a certain amount of seconds



proposed change:
storing stones:
    player A:
        [
            0: [stone1, stone1_kid, stone1_grandkid...]
            1: [stone2, stone2_kid, stone2_grandkid...]
        ]
        
        
give the player the option to view a paradox to play out ("why didnt this happen as i planned it??")


consistency check:
    we keep two lists of flags: flags of time jump out (with target time), and flags of time jump in (anonymous). We check all possible variations of turning off jumps in (so we
    don't spawn the stone when it should) and check two conditions:
        - every time jump out flag reached points to a spawned stone at time jump in
        - if two or more time jump out flags point at the same flag in (anonymization of time travel), only up to one of them is reached


board_move paradigm: a move changes the property of the stone AT THE TIME t ASSOCIATED WITH THE MOVE:
        change                      change
    a  ->  b  ->  b      NOT    a  ->  a  ->  b
players see board at t and add commands to t+1

move execution up to time T-1:
    iterate over t



causal freedom:
    you can only add moves to stones that are causally free at that specific time
    when you create a move, it has a list of all the stones for which it advances their causal freedom time by 1
    this list contains all causally free stones at that specific time
    so if a stone B time-jumps in and is killed at t, its causal freedom time stops progressing (since dead stones aren't cuasally free)
    if its killing is reversed by a later time jump, it will become playable when the game time reaches t again.
    basically, every stone is playable EXACTLY once at each specific time if it reaches it.



move conflict clearup:
    for time-travellers, if there's a conflict between stones with different round numbers, the stone with the higher number (added later) is just destroyed (no blocking of path)
    OR should they both be destroyed? interesting mechanic? (plus symmetrical)

